
Mango Protection Bags | Diyaan Agritech | Manufacturer & Supplier of Fruit Protection Bags, Mango Protection Bags, Guava Protection Bags, Pear Fruit Protection Bags, Dragon Fruit Protection Bags, Pomegranate Protection Bags, Orange Protection Bags, Custard Apple Protection Bags, Grapes Protection Bags, Lichi Protection Bags, Apple Protection Bags, HDPE Tarpaulin, Shade Net, Crop Cover, waterproof fruit protection bags, Moistrure waterproof fruit protection bags, UV fruit protection bags | 6, Vidhi Park, Raviwar Karanja, Telli Galli, Shalimar, Nashik, Maharashtra, India.
Mango Protection Bags
Diyaan Agritech offering mango protection bags with effective & timely delivery. Mango protection bags is a double layer bag in which outer brown paper is of 50-55 GSM, inner black paper is of 30-35 GSM and size of bag is 18cm X 30cm. This bag is fully Waterproof, Moisture proof, Breathable, Bio-Degradable. The bag is sealed with iron wire, which strongly resist wind. Mango Protection Bag helps to maintaine a constant temperature inside which helps the fruit grow faster. We Diyaan Agritech have been counted amongst the most trusted names in this domain, engaged in offering a standard quality range of Mango Protection Bags.
Product Specification :
Color :
Brown & Red
Material :
Paper
Speciality :
Mango Protection Bags
Style :
With Wire, Without Wire
GSM :
38 - 55, 33 - 55
Advantages Of Mango Protection Bags :
The bag is sealed with iron wire, which strongly resist wind.
Fruits can breathe can inside the bag & The bag paper is waterproof against rain.
The bag can avoid fruits being hurt by strong sunshine, germs, birds & files.
Help fruits get colour, increase sugar, promote maturity and weight.
Bag helps create a uniform colour & avoid shading.
Avoids the wastage cause from various climatic conditions.
Bag helps to maintaine a constant temperature inside which helps the fruit grow faster.
Helps to grow the fruit in an organic way.
Bags can be reused if used with proper care.
For More Information Follow Our Social Channel :
Instagram Channel
Click here
Youtube Channel
Click here
Facebook Channel
Click here
Whatsapp Channel
Click here
Stage of Bagging Mango
Common problem faced
Last Year Season Result
Mango without Fruit bags
To know more about our products, please feel free to call us now.
+91-98508 82355
+91-83295 88974